docs/index.rst, before:

==========
Henson-SQS
==========

Provides SQS support to Henson Applications.

Quickstart
==========

.. code::

    from henson import Application
    from henson_sqs import SQS

    app = Henson(__name__)
    sqs = SQS(app)

    app.consumer = sqs.consumer()

    def relay_message(app, data):
        producer = sqs.producer()
        producer.send('relayed', data)

    app.callback = relay_message


Configuration
=============

The following settings are used by Henson-SQS:

===============================    ============================================
``AWS_ACCESS_KEY``                 The access key used to connect to AWS
                                   required
``AWS_ACCESS_SECRET``              The access secret used to connect to AWS
                                   required
``AWS_REGION_NAME``                The AWS region to use
                                   required
``SQS_INBOUND_QUEUE_URL``          The URL representing the SQS queue to be
                                   used for inbound messages
                                   required
``SQS_OUTBOUND_QUEUE_URL``         The URL representing the SQS queue to be
                                   used for outbound messages
                                   required
``SQS_ATTRIBUTE_NAMES``            A list of names of metadata attributes to be
                                   fetched with inbound queue messages
                                   default: ``['All']``
``SQS_MESSAGE_ATTRIBUTE_NAMES``    A list of message attributes to be fetched
                                   default: ``['All']``
``SQS_MESSAGE_BATCH_SIZE``         Number of messages to be fetched with each
                                   call to SQS
                                   default: ``10``
``SQS_VISIBILITY_TIMEOUT``         How long (in seconds) a message should be
                                   hidden from subsequent retrievals before
                                   becoming available for consumption again
                                   default: ``60``
``SQS_WAIT_TIME``                  How long (in seconds) calls to
                                   ``receive_message`` should wait before
                                   returning if no messages are in the queue
                                   default: ``20``
===============================    ============================================

Contents:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   api
   changes


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Make AWS access credentials optional
In some cases, AWS authentication is handled via other mechanisms (e.g.
environment variables or EC2 instance profiles). These settings should
not be required in order to support those use cases.

Also fix some documentation typos.

docs/index.rst, after:

==========
Henson-SQS
==========

Provides SQS support to Henson Applications.

Quickstart
==========

.. code::

    from henson import Application
    from henson_sqs import SQS

    app = Application(__name__)
    sqs = SQS(app)

    app.consumer = sqs.consumer()

    def relay_message(app, data):
        producer = sqs.producer()
        producer.send('relayed', data)

    app.callback = relay_message


Configuration
=============

The following settings are used by Henson-SQS:

===============================    ============================================
``AWS_ACCESS_KEY``                 The access key used to connect to AWS.
                                   default: ``None``
``AWS_ACCESS_SECRET``              The access secret used to connect to AWS.
                                   default: ``None``
``AWS_REGION_NAME``                The AWS region to use.
                                   default: ``None``
``SQS_INBOUND_QUEUE_URL``          The URL representing the SQS queue to be
                                   used for inbound messages.
                                   required
``SQS_OUTBOUND_QUEUE_URL``         The URL representing the SQS queue to be
                                   used for outbound messages.
                                   required
``SQS_ATTRIBUTE_NAMES``            A list of names of metadata attributes to be
                                   fetched with inbound queue messages.
                                   default: ``['All']``
``SQS_MESSAGE_ATTRIBUTE_NAMES``    A list of message attributes to be fetched.
                                   default: ``['All']``
``SQS_MESSAGE_BATCH_SIZE``         Number of messages to be fetched with each.
                                   call to SQS.
                                   default: ``10``
``SQS_VISIBILITY_TIMEOUT``         How long (in seconds) a message should be
                                   hidden from subsequent retrievals before
                                   becoming available for consumption again.
                                   default: ``60``
``SQS_WAIT_TIME``                  How long (in seconds) calls to
                                   ``receive_message`` should wait before
                                   returning if no messages are in the queue.
                                   default: ``20``
===============================    ============================================

Contents:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   api
   changes


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
